_generator_lists/README.md, before:

# PULL REQUEST Instructions for Nginx Bad Bot and Spam Referrer Blocker

Please send any pull requests by adding your referers to the badreferers.list file
in this directory. This helps me keep changes synchronized across both the Nginx Bad Bat and Spam Referrer Blocker
as well as the Apache Bad Bot and Spam Referrer Blocker which use this same centralised list of bad referrers.

Thank you for contributing to help produce the most extensive bad bot, user-agent and spam referrer
blocker.

### If this helped you [You can buy me a beer](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BKF9XT6WHATLG):beer:

## Update Notification System
Please subscribe your email address to the mailing list at **https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker**
or simply send a blank email to **nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker+subscribe@googlegroups.com** to subscribe.
Please make sure you are subscribed to notifications to be notified when the blocker is updated and also to be notified when any important or mission critical changes take place.

Commit message:

Update Readme on Generator Lists Pull Requests

_generator_lists/README.md, after:

# Additions or Corrections to Generator Lists for the Nginx Bad Bot and Spam Referrer Blocker

Please send any any additions, corrections, false positives etc by doing a pull request on any of the .list files included in this folder.
These are the plain text list files used to generate the bot blocker. All pull requests will be checked for accuracy before being added.

Thank you for contributing to help produce the most extensive bad bot, user-agent and spam referrer blocker.

### If this helped you [You can buy me a beer](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BKF9XT6WHATLG):beer:

## Update Notification System
Please subscribe your email address to the mailing list at **https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker**
or simply send a blank email to **nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker+subscribe@googlegroups.com** to subscribe.
Please make sure you are subscribed to notifications to be notified when the blocker is updated and also to be notified when any important or mission critical changes take place.
