CONFIGURATION.md, before:

#CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE NGINX BAD BOT BLOCKER:
### PLEASE READ CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS BELOW THOROUGHLY

##### Created by: https://github.com/mitchellkrogza
##### Copyright Mitchell Krog <mitchellkrog@gmail.com>
### Version 2.2017.04

#CONFIGURATION OF THE NGINX BAD BOT BLOCKER:
### PLEASE READ CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS BELOW THOROUGHLY

##STEP 1:

**COPY THE GLOBALBLACKLIST.CONF FILE FROM THE REPO**

Copy the contents of **/conf.d/globalblacklist.conf** into your /etc/nginx/conf.d folder. 

`cd /etc/nginx/conf.d`

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/conf.d/globalblacklist.conf`

##STEP 2: 

**COPY THE INCLUDE FILES FROM THE REPO**

- From your command line in Linux type

`sudo mkdir /etc/nginx/bots.d `

`cd /etc/nginx/bots.d`

- copy the blockbots.conf file into that folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/blockbots.conf`


- copy the ddos.conf file into the same folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/ddos.conf`

##STEP 3:

**WHITELIST ALL YOUR OWN DOMAIN NAMES AND IP ADDRESSES**

Whitelist all your own domain names and IP addresses. **Please note important changes**, this is now done using include files so that you do not have to keep reinserting your whitelisted domains and IP addresses every time you update.

`cd /etc/nginx/bots.d`

- copy the whitelist-ips.conf file into that folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/whitelist-ips.conf`


- copy the whitelist-domains.conf file into the same folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/whitelist-domains.conf`

Use nano, vim or any other text editor to edit both whitelist-ips.conf and whitelist-domains.conf to include all your own domain names and IP addresses that you want to specifically whitelist from the blocker script. 

When pulling any future updates now you can simply pull the latest globalblacklist.conf file and it will automatically include your whitelisted domains and IP addresses.


##STEP 4:

**INCLUDE IMPORTANT SETTINGS IN NGINX.CONF**

- From your linux command line type

- `sudo nano /etc/nginx/nginx.conf`

#####Add the following settings and rate limiting zones near the top of your nginx.conf file. This is both for the Anti DDOS rate limiting filter and for allowing Nginx to load this very large set of domain names into memory. 
**see SAMPLE-nginx.conf file in the root of this repository**

- `server_names_hash_bucket_size 64;`

- `server_names_hash_max_size 4096;`

- `limit_req_zone $binary_remote_addr zone=flood:50m rate=90r/s;`

- `limit_conn_zone $binary_remote_addr zone=addr:50m;`

**Make sure** that your nginx.conf file contains the following include directive. If it's commented out make sure to uncomment it.

- `include /etc/nginx/conf.d/*`

**PLEASE NOTE:** The above rate limiting rules are for the DDOS filter, it may seem like high values to you but for wordpress sites with plugins and lots of images, it's not. This will not limit any real visitor to your Wordpress sites but it will immediately rate limit any aggressive bot. Remember that other bots and user agents are rate limited using a different rate limiting rule at the bottom of the globalblacklist.conf file.

The server_names_hash settings allows Nginx Server to load this very large list of domain names and IP addresses into memory.

##STEP 5:

**ADD INCLUDE FILES INTO A VHOST**

Open a site config file for Nginx (just one for now) and add the following lines.

##### VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: 

These includes MUST be added within a **server {}** block of a vhost otherwise you will get EMERG errors from Nginx.


- `include /etc/nginx/bots.d/blockbots.conf;`

- `include /etc/nginx/bots.d/ddos.conf;`

##STEP 6:

**TESTING YOUR NGINX CONFIGURATION**

`sudo nginx -t`

If you get no errors then you followed my instructions so now you can make the blocker go live with a simple.

`sudo service nginx reload`

The blocker is now active and working so now you can run some simple tests from another linux machine to make sure it's working.

##STEP 7:

**TESTING**

Run the following commands one by one from a terminal on another linux machine against your own domain name. 
**substitute yourdomain.com in the examples below with your REAL domain name**

`curl -A "googlebot" http://yourdomain.com`

Should respond with 200 OK

`curl -A "80legs" http://yourdomain.com`

`curl -A "masscan" http://yourdomain.com`

Should respond with: curl: (52) Empty reply from server

`curl -I http://yourdomain.com -e http://100dollars-seo.com`

`curl -I http://yourdomain.com -e http://zyzzcentral.ru`

Should respond with: curl: (52) Empty reply from server

The Nginx Ultimate Bot Blocker is now WORKING and PROTECTING your web sites !!!

##STEP 8:

**UPDATING THE NGINX BAD BOT BLOCKER** is now easy thanks to the automatic includes for whitelisting your own domain names.

Updating to the latest version is now as simple as:

`cd /etc/nginx/conf.d`

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/conf.d/globalblacklist.conf`

`sudo nginx -t`

`sudo service nginx reload` 

And you will be up to date with all your whitelisted domains included automatically for you now. 

Relax now and sleep better at night knowing your site is telling all those baddies FORBIDDEN !!!

### PULL REQUESTS:
To contribute your own bad referers please add them into the https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/blob/master/Pull%20Requests%20Here%20Please/badreferers.list file and then send a Pull Request (PR). 

##### **All additions will be checked for accuracy before being merged.**

### ISSUES:
Log any issues regarding incorrect listings or any other problems on the issues system and they will be investigated and removed if necessary. I responde very quickly to user problems and have helped countless users for days on end to get their bot blocker working. You could say I am mad (disputable) but I love helping people and do not ignore issues or people with problems getting this to work.

Commit message:

Introduce Auto Updating Bash Script Option

CONFIGURATION.md, after:

#CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE NGINX BAD BOT BLOCKER:
### PLEASE READ CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS BELOW THOROUGHLY

##### Created by: https://github.com/mitchellkrogza
##### Copyright Mitchell Krog <mitchellkrog@gmail.com>
### Version 2.2017.04

#CONFIGURATION OF THE NGINX BAD BOT BLOCKER:
### PLEASE READ CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS BELOW THOROUGHLY

##STEP 1:

**COPY THE GLOBALBLACKLIST.CONF FILE FROM THE REPO**

Copy the contents of **/conf.d/globalblacklist.conf** into your /etc/nginx/conf.d folder. 

`cd /etc/nginx/conf.d`

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/conf.d/globalblacklist.conf`

##STEP 2: 

**COPY THE INCLUDE FILES FROM THE REPO**

- From your command line in Linux type

`sudo mkdir /etc/nginx/bots.d `

`cd /etc/nginx/bots.d`

- copy the blockbots.conf file into that folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/blockbots.conf`


- copy the ddos.conf file into the same folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/ddos.conf`

##STEP 3:

**WHITELIST ALL YOUR OWN DOMAIN NAMES AND IP ADDRESSES**

Whitelist all your own domain names and IP addresses. **Please note important changes**, this is now done using include files so that you do not have to keep reinserting your whitelisted domains and IP addresses every time you update.

`cd /etc/nginx/bots.d`

- copy the whitelist-ips.conf file into that folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/whitelist-ips.conf`


- copy the whitelist-domains.conf file into the same folder

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/bots.d/whitelist-domains.conf`

Use nano, vim or any other text editor to edit both whitelist-ips.conf and whitelist-domains.conf to include all your own domain names and IP addresses that you want to specifically whitelist from the blocker script. 

When pulling any future updates now you can simply pull the latest globalblacklist.conf file and it will automatically include your whitelisted domains and IP addresses.


##STEP 4:

**INCLUDE IMPORTANT SETTINGS IN NGINX.CONF**

- From your linux command line type

- `sudo nano /etc/nginx/nginx.conf`

#####Add the following settings and rate limiting zones near the top of your nginx.conf file. This is both for the Anti DDOS rate limiting filter and for allowing Nginx to load this very large set of domain names into memory. 
**see SAMPLE-nginx.conf file in the root of this repository**

- `server_names_hash_bucket_size 64;`

- `server_names_hash_max_size 4096;`

- `limit_req_zone $binary_remote_addr zone=flood:50m rate=90r/s;`

- `limit_conn_zone $binary_remote_addr zone=addr:50m;`

**Make sure** that your nginx.conf file contains the following include directive. If it's commented out make sure to uncomment it.

- `include /etc/nginx/conf.d/*`

**PLEASE NOTE:** The above rate limiting rules are for the DDOS filter, it may seem like high values to you but for wordpress sites with plugins and lots of images, it's not. This will not limit any real visitor to your Wordpress sites but it will immediately rate limit any aggressive bot. Remember that other bots and user agents are rate limited using a different rate limiting rule at the bottom of the globalblacklist.conf file.

The server_names_hash settings allows Nginx Server to load this very large list of domain names and IP addresses into memory.

##STEP 5:

**ADD INCLUDE FILES INTO A VHOST**

Open a site config file for Nginx (just one for now) and add the following lines.

##### VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: 

These includes MUST be added within a **server {}** block of a vhost otherwise you will get EMERG errors from Nginx.


- `include /etc/nginx/bots.d/blockbots.conf;`

- `include /etc/nginx/bots.d/ddos.conf;`

##STEP 6:

**TESTING YOUR NGINX CONFIGURATION**

`sudo nginx -t`

If you get no errors then you followed my instructions so now you can make the blocker go live with a simple.

`sudo service nginx reload`

The blocker is now active and working so now you can run some simple tests from another linux machine to make sure it's working.

##STEP 7:

**TESTING**

Run the following commands one by one from a terminal on another linux machine against your own domain name. 
**substitute yourdomain.com in the examples below with your REAL domain name**

`curl -A "googlebot" http://yourdomain.com`

Should respond with 200 OK

`curl -A "80legs" http://yourdomain.com`

`curl -A "masscan" http://yourdomain.com`

Should respond with: curl: (52) Empty reply from server

`curl -I http://yourdomain.com -e http://100dollars-seo.com`

`curl -I http://yourdomain.com -e http://zyzzcentral.ru`

Should respond with: curl: (52) Empty reply from server

The Nginx Ultimate Bot Blocker is now WORKING and PROTECTING your web sites !!!

##STEP 8:

**UPDATING THE NGINX BAD BOT BLOCKER** is now easy thanks to the automatic includes for whitelisting your own domain names.

Updating to the latest version is now as simple as:

`cd /etc/nginx/conf.d`

`sudo wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/conf.d/globalblacklist.conf`

`sudo nginx -t`

`sudo service nginx reload` 

And you will be up to date with all your whitelisted domains included automatically for you now. 

# AUTO UPDATING:

See my latest auto updater bash script at:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/updatenginxblocker.sh

This can now be run as a daily cron to keep you up to date without having to remember to do it yourself.

Relax now and sleep better at night knowing your site is telling all those baddies they are FORBIDDEN !!!

### PULL REQUESTS:
To contribute your own bad referers please add them into the https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/blob/master/Pull%20Requests%20Here%20Please/badreferers.list file and then send a Pull Request (PR). 

##### **All additions will be checked for accuracy before being merged.**

### ISSUES:
Log any issues regarding incorrect listings or any other problems on the issues system and they will be investigated and removed if necessary. I responde very quickly to user problems and have helped countless users for days on end to get their bot blocker working. You could say I am mad (disputable) but I love helping people and do not ignore issues or people with problems getting this to work.
