Engintron_for_cPanel_WHM_Configuration_Example/README.md, before:

### If this helps you [You can buy me a beer](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BKF9XT6WHATLG):beer:

# Nginx Bad Bot and User-Agent Blocker, Spam Referrer Blocker, Anti DDOS, Bad IP Blocker and Wordpress Theme Detector Blocker

# Configuration Example for Engintron for cPanel/WHM

<table style="width:100%;margin:0;">
  <tr>
    <td align="left"><img src="https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/blob/master/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-referrer-blocker.png" alt="Nginx Ultimate Bad Bot Spam Referrer Blocker - Nginx Block Bad Bots, Vulnerability Scanners, Malware and Adware, Malicious Sites, Spam Referrers, Bad Referrers, Spam Blocker with DDOS, Wordpress Theme Detector Blocking and Fail2Ban Jail for Repeat Offenders"/></td>
    <td align="right"><a href="https://travis-ci.org/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker" target="_blank"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker.svg?branch=master"/></a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

- This is a copy of an entire /etc/nginx folder from an Engintron/cPanel/WHM configuration.

- This is merely an example of where to put the required includes into your hosts files.

- **Do not simply copy and paste this over your entire nginx folder**, use it as a guide only as it requires that you put the correct domain names into your hosts config's and also correct certificate locations.

- PLEASE Follow the main configuration instructions at https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md

- If you follow the main configuration instructions all you need to to is make the changes required in your /etc/conf.d/default.conf and /etc/conf.d/default_https.conf files as per this example.

### Version 2.2017.05

##### Created by: https://github.com/mitchellkrogza
##### Copyright Mitchell Krog <mitchellkrog@gmail.com>


# MIT License

## Copyright (c) 2017 Mitchell Krog - mitchellkrog@gmail.com
## https://github.com/mitchellkrogza

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

##### Some other free projects

- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/apache-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Badd-Boyz-Hosts
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/fail2ban-useful-scripts
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/linux-server-administration-scripts
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Travis-CI-Nginx-for-Testing-Nginx-Configuration
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Travis-CI-for-Apache-For-Testing-Apache-and-PHP-Configurations
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Fail2Ban-Blacklist-JAIL-for-Repeat-Offenders-with-Perma-Extended-Banning
- https://github.com/mariusv/nginx-badbot-blocker

##### Into Photography?
Come drop by and visit me at https://mitchellkrog.com

### Coding makes me very thirsty [why not buy me a beer](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BKF9XT6WHATLG):beer:

Commit message:

Readme Update
- Added note regarding modified https_vhosts.php file.

Engintron_for_cPanel_WHM_Configuration_Example/README.md, after:

### If this helps you [You can buy me a beer](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BKF9XT6WHATLG):beer:

# Nginx Bad Bot and User-Agent Blocker, Spam Referrer Blocker, Anti DDOS, Bad IP Blocker and Wordpress Theme Detector Blocker

# Configuration Example for Engintron for cPanel/WHM

<table style="width:100%;margin:0;">
  <tr>
    <td align="left"><img src="https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/blob/master/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-referrer-blocker.png" alt="Nginx Ultimate Bad Bot Spam Referrer Blocker - Nginx Block Bad Bots, Vulnerability Scanners, Malware and Adware, Malicious Sites, Spam Referrers, Bad Referrers, Spam Blocker with DDOS, Wordpress Theme Detector Blocking and Fail2Ban Jail for Repeat Offenders"/></td>
    <td align="right"><a href="https://travis-ci.org/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker" target="_blank"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker.svg?branch=master"/></a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

- This is a copy of an entire /etc/nginx folder from an Engintron/cPanel/WHM configuration.

- This is merely an example of where to put the required includes into your hosts files.

- **Do not simply copy and paste this over your entire nginx folder**, use it as a guide only as it requires that you put the correct domain names into your hosts config's and also correct certificate locations.

- PLEASE Follow the main configuration instructions at https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md

- If you follow the main configuration instructions all you need to to is make the changes required in your /etc/conf.d/default.conf and /etc/conf.d/default_https.conf files as per this example.

- This example contains a modified file in **/utilities/https_vhosts.php** which will do the includes for you on any SSL vhosts you create.

### Version 2.2017.05

##### Created by: https://github.com/mitchellkrogza
##### Copyright Mitchell Krog <mitchellkrog@gmail.com>


# MIT License

## Copyright (c) 2017 Mitchell Krog - mitchellkrog@gmail.com
## https://github.com/mitchellkrogza

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

##### Some other free projects

- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/apache-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Badd-Boyz-Hosts
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/fail2ban-useful-scripts
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/linux-server-administration-scripts
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Travis-CI-Nginx-for-Testing-Nginx-Configuration
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Travis-CI-for-Apache-For-Testing-Apache-and-PHP-Configurations
- https://github.com/mitchellkrogza/Fail2Ban-Blacklist-JAIL-for-Repeat-Offenders-with-Perma-Extended-Banning
- https://github.com/mariusv/nginx-badbot-blocker

##### Into Photography?
Come drop by and visit me at https://mitchellkrog.com

### Coding makes me very thirsty [why not buy me a beer](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=BKF9XT6WHATLG):beer:
